Chapter 1177 Drums of War

The drums of war were booming all across Antarctica.

Well, nothing that noticeable was happening, really. The great clans were mobilizing forces with a silent efficiency that was both subtle and frightening. If one did not know what to look for, they would remain blissfully unaware of the fact that the whole continent would be soon shaken by the fallout of a historic battle.

Sunny, however, knew.

In the port fortress, the thunder of the cannonade had grown silent. The horde of Nightmare Creatures had been dealt with, and the tired soldiers were descending from the walls. Instead of going to rest, however, they were quietly listening to new orders and starting to prepare for an immediate departure.

The mundane soldiers were checking their equipment with calm, business-like expressions. The Awakened, who would usually not dismiss their enchanted armor in the field, strangely wore simple uniforms - knowing how dire the near future promised to be, they wanted to give all their Memories a chance to be fully repaired.

The administrative personnel were frantically working to rearrange logistical chains and prepare the force for a sudden expedition.

There were many signs like that.

They were especially apparent when one compared the behavior of the Valor soldiers with that of the Evacuation Army staff. The latter were tiredly celebrating the victory, while the former seemed more focused than when they had been battling the abominations.

'The Nightmare Gate does not seem to be located inside of a siege capital.'

Sunny found a calm and dark corner within the keep of the fortress and leaned on the wall.

He had managed to determine the nature of the area where the entrance to the Black Skull Citadel was located by spying on the Valor administrative staff - any large-scale movement of military forces involved a certain amount of logistical work, and one could infer many things from these preparations.

From the looks of it, Clan Valor was preparing to venture into the wilderness of East Antarctica. The distance they had to traverse also didn't seem to be small, so that put some of Sunny's worries to rest.

Still, there was a lot to consider.

Sunny knew what the great clans would do, and what he himself had to do.

However, what would the government's response be?

As someone with the title of a special government envoy, he should be receiving a call soon.

And indeed, not a few minutes later, his communicator lit up because of an incoming transmission.

Sunny summoned the Bone Singer, enveloped his surroundings in silence, and answered.

The sharp face of Saint Cor appeared on the holographic screen, soon joined by the pleasant visage of Soul Reaper Jet. The gaunt Transcendent spoke first:

"I'll assume that both of you are already familiar with the situation. What I want to know is what caused this mess."

His grating voice sounded calm, but Sunny could feel the angry and tense undertone in it.

He briefly glanced at the projection of Jet, then answered:

"I think I can provide an explanation."

Both of them paid rapt attention to his words. Sunny lingered for a few moments, then spoke, choosing his words carefully:

"It appears that a Citadel was discovered in the Nightmare Desert. Clan Valor was the first to find it, but their attempt at capture failed. Now, both clans have an equal chance to come into possession of a crucial advantage. A direct confrontation for access to the Nightmare Gate leading to the Citadel seems inevitable."

He paused, and then added evenly:

"They are going all out."

As Saint Cor's face darkened, Jer nodded.

"I can confirm."

Sunny did not know what the veteran Saint was thinking about, but he felt chills even through the holographic projection. Even though Wake of Ruin's expression did not change much, it felt as though the world itself subtly changed instead, reacting to his... wrath? Discontent? Contempt?

...Dejection, maybe?

The old man grimaced.

"What immaculate timing."

At least he could still be sarcastic.

Sunny had to imagine that the two great clans suddenly shifting to active warfare was like a disaster for the government. Saint Cor would have to completely rearrange the disposition of the Evacuation Army and come up with a new strategy. Even then, it might not be enough.

Then again, Army Command had to have been prepared for something like this, even if it was the worst-case scenario for them. They were no fools.

After a long pause, Wake of Ruin shook his head, then looked at Sunny and Jet again.

"Valor and Song might be arrogant, but they are not unreasonable. This bloodshed can still be prevented... maybe. Similar things have happened before. A large-scale battle can be avoided if they agree to hold a duel between two champions instead."

Sunny couldn't help but raise an eyebrow. He didn't doubt the wisdom and experience of the seasoned Transcendent, but he also didn't believe that the great clans would step down. Especially not because of something as quaint as an honor duel.

They were like sharks that smelled blood in the water - those from Valor were, at least. They had been holding back their bloodlust for too long, already.

Still... was there really a chance that a strange duel between two powerful warriors could replace a wasteful battle? It seemed improbable, but then again, Legacies were often weird about such things.

Saint Cor let out a heavy sigh, and then added:

"The problem this time is that both sides seem to be certain that they will win if the battle actually happens. So, they have no reason to seek an alternative. Additionally, they have been acting slightly... erratic... as of late. It is hard to say what will actually happen."

Seemingly coming to a decision, the gaunt Transcended nodded and threw a piercing gaze at Sunny and Jet:

"The two of you will remain with the emissaries and follow them to that Nightmare Gate. Gather as much information as you can, while you're at it. I will arrive personally and try to mediate an acceptable resolution."

Jet remained silent for a moment.

"Understood, sir."

However, Sunny was not as agreeable.

"What if you can't?"

His irreverent question, or maybe the fact that he even dared to ask a question, seemed to surprise the old Saint. Wake of Ruin stared at him darkly.

After a brief pause, he said simply:

"Then we withdraw and try to salvage the aftermath."

With that, he terminated the call. The gaunt face of the government Saint disappeared, leaving Sunny and Jet alone.

Soul Reaper looked at him and smiled.

'How can she even smile in this situation?'

"Oh, my. I know that look. You're thinking about doing something crazy, aren't you?"

Sunny glanced at her darkly and shrugged.

"I don't even know what is crazy anymore."

Jet chuckled.

"That is not a good sign at all."

He studied her face somberly, then said quietly:

"If Wake of Ruin fails in his negotiation, Valor and Song will really clash. At that point, the best move would be to support one side against the other, in order to preserve as many fighters as possible. Are you ready to make that decision?"

Soul Reaper's smile grew bleak.

"The government can't break its neutrality. Even if it's beneficial at the moment, the consequences would be catastrophic in the long run."

Sunny simply stared at her.

"I am not asking about the government. I am asking about you."

There were times when people could not escape making tough choices. Sunny had long made his, and Jet would have to follow suit, whether she wanted to or not.

Of course, doing nothing was also a choice. However...

She had always positioned herself as a cog in the government machine, but maybe it was time for Soul Reaper to think for herself.

Sunny hoped that she would, at least.

Jet lingered for a while before answering.

Eventually, she said:

"Let's see how it goes."

Then, her face disappeared. The screen of the communicator switched off, leaving Sunny in the darkness.

He sighed and dismissed the Bone Singer, then left his temporary shelter.

'An all-out battle... or a duel of two champions... I wonder which one will end up happening?'

He hoped for the best, but had to prepare for the worst.