Chapter 1794 Last Memory

There was a lot more to talk about, so they returned to the courtyard and Immersed themselves in a detailed discussion of the upcoming war. Now that both knew what hidden cards they held, they could work out how to deal with a great number of possible events effectively. At the same time, more issues were uncovered as they discussed tactical solutions.

For example, Cassie possessed a much deeper knowledge of what Aspects, Abilities, and Memories the main combatants of both Domains possessed. She could share all that knowledge with Sunny, which would help him deal with these people on the battlefield, should the need arise.

He had collected a lot of information in the last year, but she knew more. So, he felt a subtle sense of excitement as many of the gaps in his understanding of the playing field, the players, and the figures they would move were covered one by one.

Still, it was a strange conversation. Neither of them had the ability to predict how the war would turn out, exactly. So, they were simply preparing themselves to face the unknown as best they could. The rulers of the Great Clans were having similar meetings, without a doubt. Granted, theirs were much more crowded and ostentatious.

Sunny also knew that, although he was facing Cassie, Nephis was passively participating in the conversation as well. The blind seer had the ability to communicate with her telepathically, after all. So, she was both talking to him and relaying the necessary information to Nephis at the same time, asking for her Input when it was needed.

After a while, it seemed like they had finally exhausted the deep well of things that needed to be discussed urgently. Finally, silence enveloped the Nameless Temple once more.

Cassie poured herself more tea and picked up the cup, turning to the lonesome tree.

After a while, she spoke evenly:

"The situation is developing rapidly in the waking world. Clan Valor has already leveled accusations against Master Dar and Silent Stalker. They are not pointing directly at Clan Song, yet, but when the Queen inevitably refuses to support the investigation, it would be all too easy to make it seem as if she is implicated."

She let out a deep sigh.

"Both Domains are boiling with indignation. The citizens of the Sword Domain are in outrage over the attempt on Neph's life, while those in the Song Domain are appalled at being accused of it. Passions are burning hot, and all the seeds of discord that had been planted earlier are blooming. The situation is highly volatile. If this continues..."

The young woman hesitated for a few moments,

"I'm afraid that peace won't outlive winter, Come spring, one of the Sovereigns will declare war”

Spring was roughly a month away. Sunny knew these facts himself, but he still couldn't quite believe that the calamity was so near.

Had the ancient people felt the same way in the days before the Doom War?

A month was not a lot of time at all.

He closed his eyes for a moment.

'I won't be able to forge the sword for Nephis in time.’

Nor would he be able to solve the mirror maze below the true Bastion in time. Not to mention that he had not even gotten close to infiltrating the Jade Palace yet.

It seemed that he would only be able to gain more fragments of Weaver's lineage after the rulers of the two Great Citadels were gone. Unless he wanted to leave his main body and one of the six shadows on the sidelines, leaving himself in a weakened state for the carnage in Godgrave.

What was he going to do with the humble shopkeeper once the war started?

Nephis would leave Bastion. Cassie, too...

Was he really going to stay?

Sunny sighed, then looked at his blind companion.

"I don't think that our private deal can continue."

Cassie had agreed to hide his presence in the true Bastion in exchange for reading his memories. Sunny could only sneak there when the moon was full. And if the war was going to start in a month...

She remained silent for a moment.

"There is still a full moon left before the war.”

Sunny shook his head dejectedly.

"I don't think that I'll be able to conquer that maze in a single night. Still... there is one more memory I want to show you."

A pale smile appeared on his lips.

"So, how about we do it right now?"

Cassie was a little startled.

"Now? Here?"

He nodded.

"We are alone, and no one will disturb us. I'll have more time to explore the maze if I pay for your services in advance."

She seemed a little hesitant.

"Are you sure?"

Instead of answering, Sunny finished his tea, then stood up and moved his chair closer.

"Quite sure. Look into my eyes."

Cassie remained motionless for a few moments, then did what he had told her to do.

Sunny thought back to the Forgotten Shore.

***

He was laying on the weathered stone, staring dispassionately at the empty black sky. His face was motionless, and his eyes were empty.

He had scaled the statue of the Knight a day or two ago, and simply remained there without moving ever since. This was where he had first arrived at the Forgotten Shore, all those years ago.

There was no feeling or desire in his heart.

‘...How did I end up on this damned statue all alone again?’

Life was such a funny thing. He had worked so hard, and suffered so much, but here he was, right where he had started.

What was he supposed to do now?

He remembered the black mirror of the sealed sea once more, feeling regretful for not diving into its dark depths. That would have been a fitting way to end it all.

But he had already decided against it, so there was no going back.

Instead, he would just stay here for a while more.

Another day passed in deafening silence.

And then, another.

And then... Sunny grew bored.

It seemed that boredom was a much more powerful emotion than all the rest. Because he was still tormented by it, even when nothing else was able to bother him much.

Eventually, Sunny let out a frustrated sigh.

"This is seriously tedious."

Muttering a curse, he sat up and looked around.

‘Alright.’

There was nothing more he wanted to see on the Forgotten Shore. So, it was time to decide where he was going to go next.

The Hollow Mountains lay south. The Nightmare Desert lay east.

No one knew what lay west and north.

So, these were his two choices.

Follow the mountains west, or venture in the opposite direction of where humans lived?

'Let's get as much distance between me and humanity as possible.'

Sunny smiled faintly, then stood up.

In the past, it was an arduous process for him, to descend from the colossal statue. But now, he simply stepped and fell down, turning into a crow at the last moment. Opening his wings, he glided on the cold wind and flew above the ashen desert.

It was time to delve into the unknown.