Chapter 2483 Internal Strife

Sunny studied the luxurious interior of Mordret's opulent PTV, feeling a little… no, he was definitely not envious. Not at all!

'Whatever. There's no mobile command center or essence converter here… bah! There's no bed, even. What a peasant.'

He cleared his throat and opened a notebook.

"So, Mr. Mordret, would you tell us what happened?"

Mordret checked his seat belt, then leaned back and sighed.

An opaque screen rose at a press of a button, separating the passenger compartment from the driver's cabin.

"Well… there is not much to tell, really. That truck suddenly turned, brushed against the escort vehicle, then crashed into my car and continued pushing until we both went through the railing and fell into the river. By the time I came around, water was already streaming inside, and my driver was unconscious. So, I grabbed him and swam to shore."

Sunny pretended to note something with his pen.

"And then what happened?"

Mordret shrugged.

"Then? Nothing, I guess? My security arrived first, then the ambulances. I was taken to the hospital, and here we are."

Sunny and Effie glanced at each other.

He lingered for a moment, then asked in a neutral tone:

"The last time we spoke, you mentioned that your blood could have been planted on the crime scene, and that there are many people who would wish you ill. The next day, there was an attempt on your life. Do things like that happen to you often, Mr. Mordret?"

Mordret shook his head.

"No… this is the first time, actually."

Sunny studied him for a moment.

"Did you not say that your sister tried to harm you?"

Mordret's expression darkened.

"That was an entirely different issue. Morgan was just… confused. She was not herself."

'Not herself…'

Sunny frowned.

"I see. Well, in any case, you indicated that someone inside the Valor Group might be behind the attempt on your life. Do you have anyone particular in mind?"

Mordret shook his head again.

"Not really."

'That's not helpful at all.'

Effie, who had been enthralled by the snacks in the lavishly stocked bar of the PTV, finally joined the conversation — leaning forward a little, she asked with a smile:

"Let us put it that way — who would benefit the most if you were removed from your position? Who would gain the most?"

Mordret remained silent for a few seconds before saying in a hesitant tone:

"I guess… it would be the chairman of the board? He and I clash often regarding various issues. His vision of what the Valor Group is supposed to be is different from mine. And unless my father decides to come back from retirement, he would be the logical choice for the next CEO in case I vanish one day."

Noticing a sharp glint in their eyes, Mordret laughed and raised his hands.

"Oh, but please don't misunderstand. It could not have been him. The chairman… he's my uncle, you see. I know what is being said about us conglomerate families, but we are not like that at all. He would never do anything to hurt me."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Your uncle? Mr. Madoc, I presume?"

Mordret nodded.

"The one and only. He is my father's older brother."

'How… morbid.'

Whispering Blade was dead in the real world, but his reflection was still alive and well in Mirage City. Not only that, but just like his real self, he had lost the battle of succession to his younger brother… and then, to his nephew as well.

The picture practically drew itself. An affluent family, a power-hungry uncle, a conspiracy to steal control of the family business from the young prince…

"Well, Mr. Mordret… you might be sure that your uncle would never conspire against you, but as detectives, we must investigate all possibilities. So, if you don't mind, we would like to interview him — as well as a number of other people in your immediate circle. The staff of your manor, for example."

Mordret nodded.

"By all means. I hope we can get to the bottom of this unfortunate incident. Ah… but it will take some time to arrange all the interviews. Maybe we can start tomorrow?"

Sunny and Effie asked a few more questions, slowly drawing the picture of the internal politics of the Valor Group.

They subtly tested Mordret to see who he really was, as well.

Some time later, the PTV arrived at its destination. Mordret smiled apologetically.

"If you'll excuse me now, detectives — I have already been absent for too long, so there's a mountain of paperwork awaiting me. I will ask my… my new driver to drive you back."

He made to leave, then hesitated for a few seconds and chuckled.

"Oh… I have a request. If it's not too forward, Detective Athena, may I ask for your autograph?"

He picked up an exquisite round coaster and offered it to her along with a pen that seemed to be more expensive than everything the two detectives owned put together.

His slightly shy smile was quite charming.

"In honor of your famous discus throw that brought Mirage City the golden medal."

Effie took the pen, lingered for a while, then laughed and signed it. "I can't believe that the CEO of the Valor Group is my fan. How strange… I'll have to tell my husband!"

Taking the coaster, Mordret flashed them another smile.

"Then, if you'll excuse me."

With that, he left.

The ride back was spent in silence. Since the interview with Chairman Madoc and other employees of the Valor Group was scheduled for tomorrow, Sunny and Effie had to do a lot of research — so, they were buried in their communicators, studying everything there was to study on the network.

The sandbag barricade around the hospital had grown a little taller in their absence. Climbing back into Sunny's car after experiencing the luxury of Mordret's palatial PTV felt like a letdown, but neither of them really cared.

As soon as they were alone, their expressions changed.

Sunny looked at Effie and raised an eyebrow.

"So, what do you think?"

She pulled out the snacks she had pilfered from Mordret's car and smiled darkly.

"He seems nice. I am entirely sure that he is not… our… Mordret."

Sending a handful of honey-glazed almonds into her mouth, Effie chewed them happily and added:

"I am also sure that the bastard is lying."