Chapter 2494 Escaped Lunatic

Morgan made her way through the hospital without being discovered by anyone. Nobody paid her much attention — when they did, she greeted them in a polite tone and calmly walked past, pretending to be busy running an errand. At some point, though, she had to spend five minutes chatting with an especially outgoing staff member.

The man did not suspect anything and left the conversation with a pleasant impression of the polite newbie, having given the rookie several pieces of priceless advice.

Morgan used the ID card of the woman she had killed in her patient room to unlock the door to the common area of the hospital, nodded at the security guard stationed there while hiding the blood-stained ID card in her pocket, and headed for the lobby.

A few minutes later, she opened the door and felt the rustling of the rain envelop her.

The smell of fresh air was sweet.

Before she could step outside, however, she saw someone familiar right in front of her.

It was the Lord of Shadows, in all his rugged glory, dragging her astonishingly beautiful psychiatrist behind him.

The taciturn woman had a bloodied handkerchief wrapped around her hand.

Not showing any reaction, Morgan bowed politely and held the door for them. Her heartbeat stayed steady as the pair walked past her — once they entered the lobby, she took a step forward.

But then…

"Stop."

'Damn it.'

Morgan lingered for a moment, then turned around and looked at the Lord of Shadows coldly.

"Where are you going, I wonder?"

She studied him silently, evaluating the situation.

Usually, she would have stood no chance against a Sovereign…

But they were all equal here, in Mirage City.

Some were more equal than others were, though. For all intents and purposes, everyone here seemed to be perfectly mundane — with one important exception.

Their Flaws were still binding them like chains.

In the case of Morgan, her Flaw made it so that everything she touched was cut. That cruel curse had cast a lonesome shadow over most of her adult life, but here in Mirage City, it was suddenly an advantage.

Morgan was pretty sure that he could kill the Lord of Shadows and his stunning companion, if it came to that.

She remained silent for a moment, and then smiled darkly beneath the mask.

"How's my little sister doing? You're treating her right?"

He looked at her with an unhappy expression.

"Would you quit calling her your sister? It's weird. And for the record — yes, she's doing great. I try. "

Morgan felt the deep grooves forming on the handle of the door under her fingers.

'So, he did find Athena, after all.'

***

"And for the record — yes, she's doing great. I try."

Saint stared at Detective Sunless, who in turn stared at the nurse… at Morgan, the heiress of the Valor Group, who was somehow out of the patient ward and free of her straitjacket.

Strangely enough, she did not seem particularly violent or unhinged, Sharp and dangerous, maybe… but perfectly in control of her thoughts and actions.

Her eyes were also of an impossible scarlet colour now, apparently.

And… her sister was dating Detective Sunless?

Saint would have been pleased for her patient and happy that he was building positive relationships, if not for the fact that it was impossible. Not only because there was only one daughter in the Valor family, but also because he had been full of loathing and fixated on persecuting Morgan's brother as the culprit in the Nihilist killings for many months.

'What are they talking about?'

Saint was utterly confused.

Morgan, meanwhile, let go of the door and took a step back.

"See you later, then. Oh, by the way... can I borrow an umbrella?"

Detective Sunless threw a sideways glance at the security guards. His gaze seemed tense, for some reason.

Saint realized then that it was eerily quiet in the lobby of the hospital. Everyone — the guards, the staff members, the volunteers fortifying the building against potential floods — had grown motionless at some point, and were all staring at them with strangely emotionless, glassy eyes.

She could not help but shiver.

Detective Sunless smiled crookedly.

"You can. But I'll do you one better… I have a PTV. Want a ride?"

'Why is he offering an escaping mental patient a ride?'

Morgan hesitated for a few moments, then shrugged.

"Sure, why not. Lead the way."

Saint opened her eyes wide.

'Why is she agreeing?'

Still confused, she found herself following Detective Sunless and Morgan of the Valor family through the rain. Their steps were hurried, and they were looking around with wary gazes.

Their wariness transferred to Saint, as well.

It was hard to see because of the rain, and the parking lot was desolate and empty. Any number of people could be hiding in the darkness, so reaching the detective's car… his car…

Saint frowned.

'The corpses!'

The corpses of the three assailants were still on the road, and when Morgan saw them, her reaction was bound to be extreme. A fragile person like her could not be exposed to such traumatic stimuli.

But before Saint could do anything, they reached the car.

The corpses were still sprawled on the road, being battered by rain. The rain washed away the blood, but it was impossible to mistake the ghastly nature of the three dark shapes laying on the asphalt for anything but what they were.

'Oh, no.'

Saint looked at Morgan, concerned.

Morgan, meanwhile, looked at the corpses with complete indifference.

A moment later, though, she smiled.

"Three… were these guys after the psychiatrist?"

Detective Sunless nodded, making Morgan's smile widen a little.

She gave the ghastly corpses another nonchalant glance.

"They sent four after me."

Then, she looked at the detective and asked curiously:

"What about you?"

He lingered with the answer for a while.

"A seasoned, elite assassin. Not rabble like these fools were."

Morgan studied him silently for a moment.

"So… one."

Detective Sunless scowled fiercely.

"He was the real deal, okay?!"

Mumbling something under his nose, he dragged the most gruesome corpse to the wayside, then walked back to the car and opened the door.

"Now, are you getting in or what?"

Shrugging, Morgan took off her facemask and climbed onto the backseat.

'I probably should not get into that car."

Saint hesitated for a few moments…

And then got into the car.

'Damn it.'