Chapter 526: Unprecedented Times

CAERA DENOIR



I stared up at the incomprehensible edifice already being called the Relictombs Spire. When Arthur had told us all to flee, what remained of our small army had been carried away on platforms of stone and ice, only to watch the Spire rise up out of the mountains from a distance. But the actual, true size of it was utterly beyond reason.

A shiver raced down my spine as I stood in the shade and considered what Arthur had become. I doubt even the asura could have accomplished anything like this. Even the wildest tales of Agrona’s power pale in comparison.

I ran my fingers through my now-shoulder-length hair as my gaze followed the Spire up to where three distant, hazy blue structures crossed over at its peak. Epheotus. Brought into our world and reformed, just like the Relictombs.

One filled with monsters. The other with deities.

Again, the shiver. A cold breeze blew across the unnatural plains that now occupied most of the Basilisk Fang Mountains, which had been reduced to a protective circle around the Spire.

A shoulder banged hard against mine, and I stumbled forward. “Come on, Queen Denoir, standing and gawking never got either of us anywhere.”

I almost snapped out a quick kick at her ankles, but a lifetime of etiquette training surfaced as I took in her retinue of guards and the host of other people on the road. Some were heading toward the Spire while a few still trickled out of it. “You’re here to represent Alacrya at the most important meeting of our lifetimes, Maylis. Please act like an adult.”

My friend, Maylis, Matron of the Tremblay House, only grinned and waggled carefully trimmed brows over her wine-colored eyes, which glittered with mischief. “You’re the one who insisted. There were a hundred other highbloods who were ready to kill each other to be here.”

I scoffed and resumed the march toward the Spire entrance. “Which is exactly why they’re not.”

“Yes, instead we can look forward to the brilliant political savvy of Kayden Aphelion and Amellie Bellerose.” She paused, running her tongue over her teeth. “Have you noticed how easy it is to get into that habit? Vritra’s teeth, but it’s nice not to have to spell out all that ‘of Highblood blah blah’ nonsense.”       

I laughed despite my nerves, which I expected was exactly why she was being such a wogart. “Now if only you could break the habit of calling on the Vritra for everything.”

Her expression darkened, and she spat on the ground, then hurried to catch up with me. Her guards fell in behind us. “Yeah. That’s a bit harder to adjust. Maybe that’s what we should talk about at this big meeting: appropriate ways to cuss now that our god-king is dead.” She shook her head. “Whatever. I’m sure people will be calling out to your handsome, golden-eyed boyfriend soon enough. ‘By the sunny locks of Arthur Leywin, please, spare me, Queen Denoir!” She dissolved into laughter, causing more than a few odd looks from those passing by.

I rolled my eyes but otherwise ignored her antics and resumed taking in the sights as we approached the Spire. We were already surrounded by buildings, some of which I recognized, that made up a kind of town wrapped around the Spire’s base. I also immediately recognized the massive, rune-covered arch that had once been the primary ascension gate within the second level.

My lips twitched. Nice detail, Arthur.

It was no surprise that there weren’t any street vendors or stalls set up. Although I saw buildings that I knew to be inns and restaurants, none of them were currently open for business. Although I hadn’t been directly involved—my attention was pulled elsewhere in the days immediately following Agrona’s defeat—I knew the effort of accounting for and relocating all the refugees who’d been within the Relictombs when it…came through…had been enormous. Much larger than my own project of returning everyone home from Cargidan City.

A lot of its original infrastructure was still in place, including multiple locations providing free food, each of which had short lines of people queued up, but there were no open businesses. I expected it would be some time before any kind of permanent infrastructure began to settle in again.

Whatever this place might become in the future, right now it was an enormous reminder of the terrifying change sweeping over the continent.

I recognized several of Seris’s rebellion soldiers guarding the entrance, though I didn’t know any of them by name. They must have recognized me as well, because they all stepped aside except for one middle-aged woman in matte black plate armor. There were patches where it looked as if crimson detailing had been scraped off. She quickly introduced herself, checked Maylis and myself off a list, and led us under the sprawling arch.

A self-pulling buggy was provided for Maylis and I, while the Tremblay guards were led off with the promise of relaxation and food to help them recover from the long journey here.

Watching them march away as our wagon began to move, its course controlled by a driver sitting on a high-rise seat at the buggy’s front, Maylis said, “I hope this issue with the tempus warps is only temporary. How will the Ascenders Guild ever begin exploring this place if everyone has to get here on foot?” She watched me closely, as if suspicious that I knew more than I had already told her.     

“Seris doesn’t know why the tempus warps aren’t working. Or if she does, she’s lied very convincingly.”

Her brows rose a fraction of an inch, her eyes widening suggestively. “Surely your golden eyed boyfriend—”

“As I explained, I haven’t heard from Arthur since all this,” I interrupted, gesturing to the Relictombs around us. “And please stop calling him that. We’re not…together.”

She leaned back in the seat, resting her head in her hands. “Sounds like a failure of effort. Is it true he’s betrothed to some waifish elf from Dicathen?” She sucked her teeth in annoyance. “You should challenge her for his hand.” She looked at me seriously. “For the good of Alacrya, if not yourself. Who knows how long before shit kicks off again. Do we really want the man who created all this”—she mimicked my earlier gesture—“married to the other team?”

I snorted in disbelief. “He is part of the other team, married or not. But Arthur’s also not…like that. He won’t pick sides. And we should be focused on making sure that doesn’t happen instead of preparing for when it does.”

It was strange, seeing the familiar Relictombs laid out in such an unfamiliar way. There were buildings I knew next to ones I didn’t, and almost all in a different layout than they had been while still beyond the ascension portals. The only people we saw were soldiers and officials from the Ascenders Association. Likely taking stock of the situation. And even those were limited due to the very meeting I was on my way to attend.

Our driver smoothly directed the buggy along what must have been a familiar destination, easing to a halt right outside our destination. The courthouse looked almost exactly as it had before: the same arched windows filled with colored glass, the same looming gargoyles that seemed to glare at all who approached, even the ominous metal spires.

We had pulled up before the front doors just as another cart was leaving. I caught sight of Kayden Aphellion limping up the stairs, where he was welcomed by a greeter and shown inside, presumably with directions to the right chamber.       

“Well, ready to face the gods themselves?” Maylis said wryly, hopping out of the cart with the grace—and carelessness—of an ascender.

“If you don’t treat them like gods, perhaps they won’t treat you like a lesser,” I said.

“Fair enough.”

The greeter welcomed us by name and pointed us in the right direction. Ahead, Kayden had paused, having heard us coming.

We entered into the grand hall, which was largely unchanged. Cut marble floors, the dark iron stairs…but no fresco, I noted. Once, Agrona’s image had covered the entire ceiling, a fraudulent portrayal of him gifting strength to the people of Alacrya. I couldn’t help but wonder if Arthur had been tempted to cover it with a similar image of himself. Before, I’d have said no, but if power corrupts…  

“Kayden,” I said as we caught up with him. I squeezed his forearm in greeting, and he gave us both a deep nod.

“Is it your fault I’m here?” he asked with mock grumpiness. Or at least, I thought he was putting it on. It was always hard to tell what he was thinking. “Surely I didn’t irritate you badly enough in the short time we both worked at Central Academy for you to go out of your way to punish me so.”

On his other side, Maylis offered her arm, which he took with some relief. “She’s dragged me along, so I wouldn’t doubt if she’d set you up for this as well,” she said.

“Without the statement being taken as a slight on your station or capabilities, Kayden…no, I did not arrange for you to be here,” I said as politely as I could muster.

But the rebellious man only laughed and began a litany of complaints that lasted until we found the chamber where our meeting—a small word for such a confluence of powerful people—was to take place. Another attendant was waiting to open the door for us.

Inside was a sunken courtroom in the shape of an ovular amphitheater. A stage took up the lowest, central portion of the room while wide rows of padded seating stepped up from there.

The representatives from Dicathen had already arrived and were gathered on the far side of the courtroom.

I immediately recognized the dwarven nobles, Carnelian Earthborn and Durgar Silvershale. A gray-haired dwarven woman sat with them, her arms crossed and ruddy cheeks set in a scowl. Of course, I knew the elves, Virion and Tessia Eralith. A third who I recognized but couldn’t name sat with them, speaking quietly with a human woman who seemed out of place due to an absence of the noble trappings in which everyone else was outfitted. They sat to one side of the human nobles, Curtis and Kathyln Glayder.

Standing higher up and apart from these noble representatives were Mica Earthborn and Varay Aurae. A young, red-eyed woman stood slightly apart from them.      

“And here I was starting to think I was going to be representing Alacrya all on my own,” a gruff voice said from next to the doorway, causing me to look around.

I smirked at Alaric, who was dressed in finely tailored clothes like some wealthy merchant. “Darrin forced you into a wardrobe upgrade, I see.”

He scoffed and plucked at the front of his dark tunic. “Actually, it was that mentor of yours. Insisted I look the part if I was going to rub elbows with the high and mighty.”

“Ah, the infamous Alaric Maer,” Kayden said, grinning as he extended a hand, which Alaric took in a firm grip. “How nice to see you again.”

One of Alaric’s brows shot up. “Have we met?”

Kayden shrugged and awkwardly took the first step down the tiered seating. “Oh, who can keep track.”

“Speaking of Seris,” I began probingly, following Kayden. Maylis kept one arm firmly laced through his to support his bad leg.

“Here,” Alaric answered, looking around as if she was hidden in the small crowd. “Waiting on our guests from on high I think.” He gave me a conspiratorial look. “And our friend Grey? Heard anything?”

I shook my head. “Nothing.”

He nodded before taking a seat near Kayden and Maylis. I alone crossed the chamber to our Dicathian counterparts.

Virion rose and met me half way. The aged elf wore a tired smile, but he greeted me warmly, taking my hand in both of his and squeezing gently.

“Virion. I hope the journey wasn’t too difficult?”

He chuckled and mussed his hair, which still looked a little windblown despite someone trying to wrangle it. “A long flight by phoenix, but it could have been worse.”

I gave him a broad smile. “Didn’t fancy navigating the Relictombs? I’m told our Spire connects to yours.”

He grumbled, raising a brow and looking around as if taking in the entirety of the sprawling first level outside the courthouse. “I think that’s better left to younger, more energetic folk.”

“And where are these phoenixes?”

“Oh, around here somewhere,” he said with a shrug. “Mordain was eager to examine more of the Spire before our meeting began. I think perhaps he is also nervous about coming face to face with the other asuras, though far be it for me to guess the feelings of a higher being.”

I noticed a hand drift to his hip, rubbing it absently as if it ached. Indicating the seats, I asked, “Would you like to sit?”

He gave me a chagrined but appreciative look, and we sat and chatted for a time, waiting for the others to arrive. He pointed out everyone that I didn’t already know, explaining who they were and what their role was. Although I danced around the subject of Arthur, Virion picked up on my hesitant curiosity but could only shake his head and admit that he hadn’t heard any more than I myself had.     

From the corner of my eye, I saw Tessia Eralith extricate herself from another conversation and come to join us. The young elf was truly beautiful in a stately emerald dress with silver brocade that matched the color of her hair. And yet, under the shine and polish, I couldn’t help but think that she looked deeply weary.

“So, you had a first-hand view of all this in real time,” I said after we exchanged polite greetings and she sat next to her grandfather. “It was something to watch it rise from a distance. I can’t imagine being in the middle of it.”       

A faraway look clouded Tessia’s eyes, and she was silent for a few seconds before answering. “I wish I could describe it for you, but the reality of it all is much stranger than words can convey.”

I waited for her to continue. When she didn’t, I said, “And Arthur is recovering well, I hope? Such a feat must have left him shattered.”

Tessia blanched at my words, and although I simply meant he must have been exhausted, I felt a noxious fear grow within me.

The conversation flagged. Instead of talking, we quietly watched as others continued to trickle in.

Shortly after Maylis and I arrived, Augustine Ramseyer and Matron Amellie Bellerose came in together, followed by Harlow Edevane, once High Mage of the Nirmala Assenders Hall.

I was surprised to see High Justice Seraphina Desmarais, the fiery haired leader of the Relictombs court systems, as she had not been on the list of attendants I had received. Although I didn’t know the woman personally, I knew her by reputation, including that she had stepped in to help Arthur when the Granbehls attempted to bribe the courts against him, and I was certain her voice would be welcome.

When Uriel Frost stepped into the courtroom, my stomach twisted uncomfortably.  

“Excuse me,” I said to Virion and Tessia before climbing up the higher tiers to meet him at the door. “Uriel. I wasn’t sure you would make it. I’m glad you have, though, because…” I had to swallow before continuing. “I’m sorry about Enola. She was a wonderful young woman and a very good mage. It pains me to know that she is gone.”

He stared at me for what seemed like a very long time. “Yes. Well. I suppose today is our chance to make sure her sacrifice was worth it.” And then he was passing me by and descending toward where the other Alacryans had gathered.

I turned to watching him go, guilt eating away at my insides. Enola had come to my aid in the battle; if she hadn’t, maybe she would still be alive. And maybe I’d be dead, but this line of thinking gets us nowhere.

Mordain Asclepius returned to the chamber shortly afterwards, with a green horned owl riding on his shoulder. I was surprised to see that he had come alone, without anyone else from his clan. At the very least, I had hoped that perhaps Chul would attend with him, so I could grill the half-phoenix about Arthur. Mordain offered a polite but perfunctory greeting to everyone already there, then sequestered himself to one side.

Virion was right, I thought. The phoenix did look nervous.

I was interested to note that, a few minutes later, Tessia left Virion’s side in order to sit with Mordain. They spoke in low voices that did not carry to where I stood, near the door on the highest level of the courtroom’s seating.        

The low rumble of conversation ceased when we collectively sensed approaching mana signatures of incredible power.

The greeter had backed away from the door, and everyone else remained fixed where they were, so I stepped into the hallway. Immediately, I was greeted by a surreal sight.

Several asuras approached in a stately procession. Dressed gloriously in a rainbow of colors and flowing fabrics I couldn’t even name, it was nonetheless the people themselves that stood out. In particular, my gaze locked on an alien woman, small with light blue skin, who bobbed down the hallway upside down, staring with intense interest at the stonework of the floor.

Seris led their procession, grounding the presence of the asuras in my mind. She nodded very slightly as they approached. “And here is one of the other Alacryan representatives. Caera Denoir, welcome to the high lords and a host of their heirs.”

She did not introduce them directly, but hurried into the courtroom ahead of them, where she began to announce their names loudly as they proceeded past me one by one. Some gave me respectful nods, others only smiled in passing acknowledgement, while a couple moved confidently into the courtroom with barely a glance in my direction.

The high lords—a representative of each asuran race, except for the dragons—took the highest row in a section not currently occupied by anyone else. The heirs, I presumed by their younger appearance, settled into the rows in front of their lords.

Only after they all had entered, I followed and returned to the Alacryan section, taking a seat next to Maylis.

She leaned over to speak quietly into my ear. “Not sure what I expected, but…” She trailed off, raising her brows in an expression of bemusement.

Seris descended to the small central platform. The chamber was entirely silent as she gazed around, beginning and ending with the Alacryans. “Welcome, representatives of Dicathen, Alacrya, and Epheotus. We find ourselves together for the very first time, and in entirely unprecedented times at that.”

Across the chamber, I noticed a few of the asuras staring down at Mordain, who sat alone with Tessia on the lowest bench.

“We have been chosen by our peers to defend the needs of our homes and people,” Seris continued. “To align with each other on the shape of our new, shared world. To ensure the flames of war are put out and will not alight again. We are here as representatives of our people and as peers to one another. Not as authoritarians to demand, but neighbors to agree.”

I was already looking at the asuras, as I found it difficult to take my eyes off them, and so I saw clearly as some of them exchanged uncertain—and more worryingly, dark—looks. I did not think all of them were eager or ready to set themselves on equal footing to those they likely called “lessers” not so long ago.      

“Why is the outcast here?” the wispy, floating asura—Nephelle Aerind—asked in a sing-song, quizzical tone.

Before Seris could answer, Tessia Eralith was on her feet. She stepped up the tiered seating to stand on a higher row of benches, looking unflinchingly at the asuras. “Mordain of the Ascepius clan has bravely defended Dicathen in recent days. He has eagerly and openly offered his friendship to us, asking nothing in return. For longer than any of us have been alive, he and his people have quietly shared our continent with us, and now, today, he should be considered a representative of Dicathen, just as any of the rest of us.”

The dusk-skinned, smokey orange-haired asura called Novis Avignis leaned over and spoke to his neighbor, who Seris had named as Rai Kothan. I felt the small hairs on the back of my neck stand on end at the agitated flutter of their mana signatures.

It was Novis who stood. He regarded Mordain with a mixture of apprehension, anger, and hope. “We accept the presence of the Asclepius clan, and are ready to hear out our lost brethren. Perhaps in a more appropriate venue when current duties are tended to.” His voice softened, becoming less officious. “Mordain, my old friend. I am…glad to see you. Please, visit us at Featherwalk Eerie in the coming days.”

The tension drained from Mordain, and he seemed to brighten with an internal light. Tessia squeezed his hand supportively, bending to speak quietly with him. I frowned ever so slightly, finding their closeness both interesting and, if I were being honest, worrisome. Despite what I had told Maylis, it was indeed a part of our responsibility to understand each other's needs—and weaknesses—and seeing the close bond already forming between the rebel phoenix clan and the elves altered the power dynamic in the room.

“Now, perhaps we can get this show on the road,” a dwarven woman—Stoya, Virion had told me—said in her chunky Vildorial accent. “There is too much to discuss, and too long a blasted journey home afterwards without the teleportation gates functioning.”

“I think it’s only fair that we begin with some assurances,” Amellie Bellerose put in. Despite her age, her voice was strong and carried easily throughout the chamber, even though she didn’t stand. “Agrona’s actions are his alone. This…attack that has dragged Epheotus through into our world—or whatever has bloody happened—was just as much an act of war against the Alacryan people as you asuras.   

“I for one would like to hear from the horse's mouth that we are safe from retribution against the Vritra clan. They’re all bloody well dead now, aren’t they?” She finished with a firm nod as if she had provided an incontrovertible argument against further animosity.

Rai Kothan stood, his red eyes blazing. It was haunting, seeing a basilisk who wasn’t one of the Vritra. For my entire life, the Sovereigns had represented the double-edged blade of terror and power. Instinctively, and perhaps unfairly, I found myself disliking this high lord.

“A soldier cannot hide behind the excuse of duty,” he began, a deep-rooted bitterness oozing within his tone. “And the devious blood of the Vritra runs within every Alacryan’s veins. The crimes that have been committed here—”

“Father,” the younger basilisk, Riven, said urgently, taking his father by the elbow. “We talked about this. These people are—”

I stood suddenly, surprising even myself. “You’re right, Lord Kothan.” There was a minor tremble in my voice. I took a moment to settle myself, falling back into the long hours of training. “Every Alacryan has been born into a machine of war. We are fodder, or we are weapons, and that is all our basilisk leaders have ever seen us to be.”

Uriel Frost scowled, and Harlow Edevane stared sadly down at his hands.

“And yet, who here has suffered more at Agrona’s hands than his own people?” I let my gaze sweep unflinchingly across the chamber. “How can we not fight when the price of refusal is the destruction of everything we hold dear?” I focused on Tessia. “There was a young woman named Circe. When she received her first rune, she was named a Sentry, taken from her family, and pressed into a military school. She left behind a younger brother, a weak and sick boy.

“The only way to get her brother the help he needed was to prove herself in the war. She desperately led a group of Alacryan warriors through the Elshire Forest, charting a path into Elenoir. Her goal wasn’t to kill elves but to save her brother.” I hung my head. “Her success was the turning point of the entire war, resulting in the deaths of millions of elven people. But right now, there is a boy out there, still alive.”

The chamber was as silent as a graveyard. I didn’t flinch away when Tessia Eralith stared into my eyes. “No one would blame any Dicathian present for hating her. But she was never given a choice in how her life would unfold, and the decision she made was one that I think any of us would make in her stead. That in no way justifies the crimes of war”—my focus shifted to High Lord Kothan—“but it is important to lay those crimes at the feet of those who actually committed them.” 

“It was one of Agrona’s retainers who took my cousin Alea’s life,” the elf, Saria Triscan, said into the hollow silence following my statement. “But it wasn’t a retainer or even some Alacryan girl who destroyed our homeland and murdered millions of our people. No, that was an asura.”

“And the act killed him!” a sharp voice boomed across the courtroom, shaking the wrought iron chandeliers that supported lighting artifacts above us. A very tall asura with multiple eyes had shot to his feet, sending out a ripple of mana. Ademir Thyestes, leader of the pantheons, seemed able to glare at everyone in the room all at once with his six eyes. “And like this girl you speak of, he was a soldier—one who had dedicated more years to the service of his lord than your entire race has existed!—and he too was following the orders of a dead man.”      

“We all have blood on our hands.”

All eyes moved to Virion, who stood and strode to the center platform, where Seris was still standing, having been quiet thus far. “Each faction in this room has wounded another. Elves have fought humans and dwarves alike in long, bitter wars. Each of the Dominions represented here has at one time or another been at war with their neighbors, or so I’m told. And among the asura, was there not a terrible conflict between dragons and phoenixes not so very long ago, by your reckoning, at least?”

He paced in a small circle, walking around a motionless Seris, not looking at us but staring into the middle distance.

Nearby, Seraphina Desmarais mumbled something to Augustine Ramseyer, questioning Virion’s identity.

“If we insist on seeking retribution for the crimes of dead men, the fighting will never end, and instead of thriving civilizations, our heirs will scramble through a wartorn wreckage knowing nothing but death and battle.” Finally, he looked up. He gave Saria Triscan a kindly look, showing that he bore her no malice in regards to her words, then turned his focus on the asuras. “We owe ourselves better. And those who are relying on us, and will come after us. Arthur Leywin did not save our three lands for us to turn on each other now, on the heels of his victory.”

The mention of Arthur’s name had a sedative effect on the chamber.

A young pink-haired dragon, who had been announced as Vireah of Clan Inthirah, stood and gave Ademir a placating look. “Quite a lot has been done in the name of Epheotus and asura-kind that we never knew and certainly didn’t approve of. For most of us, the old world has been relegated to ancient legend. It’s no excuse, of course, but we have been purposefully kept in the dark about your world.”   

The fierce-looking leviathan heir, Zelyna, stood next, her hair fluttering around her as if caught in a strong current. “Kezess Indrath kept much of what he did here a secret even from the other high lords of the Great Eight. His crimes against you are terrible, and if the Eccleiah clan can help you to rebuild, we will. But we will not be saddled with the weight of all a dead dragon’s war crimes.”

“How easy it is for both the Alacryans and Epheotans to claim ignorance and innocence,” Durgar Silvershale shouted, slamming a meaty fist into the seat beside him. “So all your crimes of the past should be forgiven simply because your previous leaders are dead? Leaders you followed? It hasn’t been so long since the king and queen of the dwarves betrayed Darv to Agrona, and there were plenty of us who fought back against their act of treason! Every man and woman is responsible for their decisions, orders or not!”

There was some gruff agreement from the Dicathian quarter, while the Alacryans around me fell silent. For myself, I felt as if all sides were valid in their arguments, but none of these arguments were going to advance the purpose of this meeting. Only time and goodwill would build the necessary trust between Dicathians, Alacryans, and the asura of Epheotus.

The rumbling cut off when the tree-tall Morwenna Mapellia snapped, “Kezess Indrath was not the monster he is being made out to be. He has protected both our worlds since before any of your lesser species even existed, and I dread to think what will happen to us now that the full might of Epheotus is fully within this realm.”

“He was a genocidal lunatic,” Kayden said under his breath.

“By all accounts, he was a megalomaniac playing god!” Stoya snapped, crossing her arms and glaring at the asuras without fear.

“Enough!”

The word struck like a headman’s axe, cutting through the air and leaving silence in its wake.

The titan, Radix Grandus, had leapt to his feet, growing to twice his previous size between one breath and the next. Mana compressed around him, constricting within the chamber like a vice.

As he sucked in a breath to continue his bellowing, the air shifted. It was a subtle thing, but the breath gusted from Radix’s lungs, and whatever he had meant to say was blown out with it. The titan began to turn his head, searching for something as he shrank back to his previous size.

All around me, everyone else was doing the same.

Tessia saw him first, and I followed the line of her gaze to a shadowy alcove along the outer wall. Even from a distance, I could see the subtle golden tint of his hair and eyes within the shadows.

Arthur stepped out into the light with a casual elegance, dressed simply in loose, flowing pants and a plain shirt.

The older asuras nodded respectfully to Arthur, while the younger heirs wore friendly grins undercut by concern.

The reaction to his appearance among us “lessers” was more mixed. Around me, the other Alacryans shuffled uncomfortably. Alaric beamed up at Arthur, mouthing the words, “Show off,” but most of the rest were visibly discomforted by his presence.

Across from us, I was somewhat surprised to see the same wary reaction of the Dicathians as well. Curtis and Kathyln Glayder exchanged a glance that said all too clearly they were worried, while the dwarves grew quiet and withdrawn. Arthur’s fellow Lances stood respectfully, lacking the welcoming smiles of the young asura, but also without the tension on so many other faces.

The red-eyed Dicathian smirked at Arthur and gave a shallow shake of her head, as if sharing some kind of inside joke.

Tessia’s expression was perhaps the most telling, though, as her serious features dissolved into wet-eyed surprise, then warmed to relief.

“Am I running late?” Arthur asked, his voice soft but carrying easily in the absolute silence. His golden eyes drifted to the row of young asuras. “The last of those hidden in Myre’s pocket dimension have only just been retrieved, including my mother and sister.”

A wave of relieved looks passed over the asuras, but none of them spoke.        

“You can all stop looking at me like you expect me to have all the answers,” he said a moment later, this time speaking to the chamber at large. “I gave you a chance, but now it’s up to you all to take advantage of this moment.”

Ademir Thyestes broke the spell of silence that had fallen over the rest of the chamber, saying, “High Lord Arthur of the archon race. You have forged this new world for better or worse. I do not understand how you have done this, and it is for that reason alone that would support your leadership. Will you not step into the void left by Kezess and ensure that your vision is accomplished?”

Again, the heady silence lingered after Arthur spoke.

Seeing the opening, I stood. “To build off what Arthur has said, I’d like to discuss a new kind of governance.” I looked around, waiting for faces to be dragged away from Arthur and toward me. “One where all voices are heard equally, where every town and city in every Dominion is able to ensure it is represented and its needs are met.”

From the corner of my eye, I caught a smile and appreciative nod from Arthur. Bolstered by the rapt attention of the gathered representatives I began to explain in detail the system I had talked through with Maylis on our long journey to the Relictombs.

When next I glanced in his direction, Arthur was gone.